Add `SetraC4Ci/Gasy-Corpus-Crawler` (#8)
luckasRanarison/awesome-madagascar: README.md

## Fun
- [rasolofonirina/quotes-gasy](https://github.com/rasolofonirina/quotes-gasy) - A list of famous (or not) quotes from various authors.
- [tokyRT/Gasy-quotes-explorer](https://github.com/tokyRT/Gasy-quotes-explorer) - A web UI for rasolofonirina/quotes-gasy's repository.

## Language

> - [SetraC4Ci/Gasy-Corpus-Crawler](https://github.com/SetraC4Ci/Gasy-Corpus-Crawler) - A python script for scraping malagasy language websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SetraC4Ci/Gasy-Corpus-Crawler](https://github.com/SetraC4Ci/Gasy-Corpus-Crawler) - A collection of python scripts for scraping malagasy websites.
```
